when I was a Navy. Different from the other branch of the military. It's
the day's sail. They John Paul Jones. One thing about the Navy is
way our self reliance. You even bigger realize the other way and sell
old Arising. You are part of that crew are of that ship very independent,
and it forces you to be hush wars. What I found was much more
self reliant. Then the Army or the Air Force officers got leads are
part of the date. You said that, but frankly, the Air Force they
returned to own base. Okay, B to B 52 outstanding at Pratt and they
fly home. Everything okay? I'm out there in the middle of Pacific and
I won't be home for a couple of months. So I had to make sure that
I am relying on this. If they get a mission failure, it's gonna turn
around. Go home. The army. The army is reliant when they're out of
garrison. If they're out of garrison and there he didn't find out War.
Okay, but how money. And yes, we've been fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan
for 18 years now, but for the most part, that Special operations
right now. That's not a big arm being. Always missions allowed
or 23 up, etcetera. There's a strong one. Deploy on my ass. Okay,
take out the enemy and returning to Paris. Okay, Navy goes out, spreads
diplomacy. Lets the world know this is what America is all about.
And everyone wants to come to America. Still the number one destination
for the planet.